immediately thank you all right on the
stage our next performance it is act
number 423 from that character category
hey 1314 senior division small line
excuse me small group this is a cell
block tango know how people in these
little having second down like Ernie
Ernie let's chew gum no not chew ha so I
took the shotgun off the wall and I
fired few warning shots into his head
I'm in Ezekiel yo from Salt Lake City
about two years ago and he told me he
was single not only was he married he
had six wives one of those mormons you
know so that nobody came home from work
mixed on his drink you know some guys
just can't hold their arsenic now I'm
sanding the kitchens calling up a
chicken for dinner minding my own
business in storms my husband builder in
a jealous rage you've been screwing milk
many things he was crazy and then he ran
into my knife he ran into my life 10
times me get her shaked muy ocupado my
theory in the village I'm afraid the
never goes in our homeboy yo no don't ya
just do it ah not guilty my sister
Monica and I had missed a black and I
husband Charlie travel round with us for
this one night before the show we're
down at the hotel's sister while the
three of us moves
and having a few laughs and we went out
of ice so I go out to get I come back
open the door and there is Veronica and
Charlie do number 17 the spread eagle
well I was in such a state of shock I
completely blacked out I can't remember
a thing it wasn't until later when I was
washing the blood off my hands I even
knew they were dead I loved our lip tips
more than I could possibly say but he
was always trying to find himself he'd
go out every night looking for himself
and all the way he found Ruth Gladys
rosemary and earthlings I guess you
could say we broke a piece of artistic
differences he saw himself as alive and
I saw him dead
single night is what I number 17 is
Freddy